and the piece of my boobs my skeleton
crew a little strange but so are you
take a flyer vote for glory I won't let
you go to waste
hey don't be a loser be a reuse er sort
compostable foodstuff plastic hands we
all win when you choose the right bed
it's too much trouble heath be a good
sports think and take a moment to sort
recycling is so uncool
recycling is so cool one down only 6.7
billion to go there was only a way I
could tell everyone how important this
is door survival I don't know how to be
hurt are you just fine
Venus can't you use your powder you know
power of pollen persuade yes to make the
people look with my power I can only
influence one monster at a time our
planet is in trouble we need someone
with influence we need Cleo the coolest
ghoul in school if you lead they will
follow its talents but I don't know I
can't be seen kicking through trash not
trash its recyclables to change the way
people think you'd have to make it cool
stylish sounds like a fashion show
welcome to the first annual Monster High
all recycled completely renewable
fashion show from trash to fash ghouls
look cool what is saved a planet you
can't do so recycle reuse and renew
let's hear it for the poor
I learned something who thought that
could happen at school we did great city
we sure did I was talking to you